Studio: updated nested branches doc to reflect that newly created bra… (#4808)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/projects-and-experiments/explore-ml-experiments.md

### Nested branches

When a Git branch (e.g., `feature-branch-1`) is created from another branch
(e.g., `main`), two possibilities exist:

- `feature-branch-1` is still active (contains commits that are not present in
  `main`). This can happen if the user has pushed new commits to this branch and

  - either hasn't merged it into `main` yet
  - or has merged it into `main` but has continued to push more new commits to
    it after the merger.

  Since the branch now contains new unique commits, the project table will
  display both `main` and `feature-branch-1` separately. `feature-branch-1` will
  show the new commits that are not part of `main` while all the merged commits
  will be shown inside `main`.

- `feature-branch-1` is inactive (does not contain any commits that are not

>   present in `main`). This can happen if the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  present in `main`). This can happen if the user either,
```

Author: [Addressed slightly differently](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/4808/commits/a3726a1c19315afebe44f8cc421e055da85f0334). ptal

Reviewer: Great!

>   - either has not pushed any new commits to it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - has not pushed any new commits to `feature-branch-1`
```

Author: See [previous comment](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/4808#discussion_r1306996452).

>   - or has merged it into `main` and has not pushed any new commits to it after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - has merged `feature-branch-1`  into `main` and has not pushed any new commits to `feature-branch-1` afterwards
```

Author: See [previous comment](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/4808#discussion_r1306996452).
